Clarify testdata.yaml for `invalid_inputs` (#105)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

In the `data/` directory, there may be an `invalid_inputs/` directory containing input files that must be rejected by at least one input validator.
These are meant to only test the input validators, and are not used for judging.
The rejected input files can be organized into a tree-like structure similar to the test data.

<span class="not-icpc"> 

By default, the `input_validator_flags` of the `data/testdata.yaml` apply to the invalid .
There may be additional `testdata.yaml` files within the `data/invalid_inputs/` tree.

> Only the `input_validator_flags` value is used for the `invalid_inputs/` though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `input_validator_flags` of the `data/testdata.yaml` apply to the invalid inputs as well.
There may be additional `testdata.yaml` files (or symlinks) within the `data/invalid_inputs/` tree, but note that only the value of `input_validator_flags` will be used.
```

Author: Updated
